# Space Engineers
A collection of Space Engineers scripts for the in-game programmable block.

* [Colonizer Computer System.cs](./Colonizer%20Computer%20System.cs) is a general purpose script (in development) intended to manage operations on a small grid "colonizer" ship able to drill resources, refine stone and build components in a survival kit, not die due to various gun emplacements, and take off and land on planets with its dual hydrogen/ion propulsion system.
* [MegaMiner Controller.cs](./MegaMiner%20Controller.cs) is a controller script for the "MegaMiner", a large-grid mining ship with a set of drills attached to a rotor and a piston.  The script allows the drills to be started, stopped, and paused as a group, including starting and resetting both the rotor and piston.  It also automatically stops the drills when the piston has fully extended and pauses them when the on-board cargo is full.
* [Ice Station Controller.cs](./Ice%20Station%20Controller.cs) is a controller script for a mining station to operate automated drills running on two sets of pistons to control their radial and vertical positions within a resource vein.  The script pauses the drills when the cargo capacity of the station is full beyond a certain percentage of the total available cargo space.
* [Uranium Station One.cs](./Uranium%20Station%20One.cs) is similar to the [Ice Station Controller.cs](./Ice%20Station%20Controller.cs) script, but represents a (so far) minor improvement in that it handles exactly three elevation pistons instead of only one.
* [SIC Controller.cs](./SIC%20Controller.cs) is a controller script for the Space Industrial Complex, including an inventory display, inventory management, refinery prioritization, and other features.
* [RS1 Controller.cs](./RS1%20Controller.cs) is the controller script for the RelaySatNetwork satellites, controlling their inventory assessment and RSN broadcasting.
* [Shuttle Controller.cs](./Shuttle%20Controller.cs) is the controller script for the Cargo Shuttle, where we will be implementing our autopilot script.
